UI update on Source Template (oTel) (#6181)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/opentelemetry-collector/remote-management/source-templates/manage-source-templates.md

1. If required, update the collectors on the **Link Collectors** page.
1. Click **Next** to complete editing the source template.

## Edit a linked collector

Follow the steps below to edit a linked collector form the source template:

1. [**New UI**](/docs/get-started/sumo-logic-ui). Go to the main Sumo Logic menu and select **Data Management**, and under **Data Collection** select **Source Template**.<br/>[**Classic UI**](/docs/get-started/sumo-logic-ui-classic). In the main Sumo Logic menu, select **Manage Data > Collection > Source Template**.

> 1. Select the source template you want to use to edit the linked collector, and select **Edit Link Collector** from the **More options** dropdown. Or, click the kebab menu against the selected source template and click **Edit Link Collector** from the dropdown.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/otel-edit-link-collector.png')} alt="learn-more-button-warning" style={{border:'1px solid gray'}} width="700"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select the source template for which you want to edit the linked collector, and select **Edit Link Collector** from the **More options** dropdown. Or, click the kebab menu against the selected source template and click **Edit Link Collector** from the dropdown.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/otel-edit-link-collector.png')} alt="learn-more-button-warning" style={{border:'1px solid gray'}} width="700"/>
```

1. If required, update the collectors on the **Link Collectors** page.
1. Click **Next** to complete editing the source template.

## Edit a linked collector

Follow the steps below to edit a linked collector from the source template:

1. [**New UI**](/docs/get-started/sumo-logic-ui). Go to the main Sumo Logic menu and select **Data Management**, and under **Data Collection** select **Source Template**.<br/>[**Classic UI**](/docs/get-started/sumo-logic-ui-classic). In the main Sumo Logic menu, select **Manage Data > Collection > Source Template**.
1. Select the source template to edit the existing linked collectors or link a new one if none exist, and then select **Edit Link Collector** from the **More options** dropdown. Or, click the kebab menu against the selected source template and click **Edit Link Collector** from the dropdown.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/otel-edit-link-collector.png')} alt="learn-more-button-warning" style={{border:'1px solid gray'}} width="700"/>
   - **Edit the existing collector links**. Update the required configuration in the **Link Collectors** page, and click **Next**.

>    - **Add collector links if none exist**. On the **Link Collectors** page, follow **steps 3 and 4** in the [Create a new source template](#create-a-new-source-template) section to link new collectors, and then click **Next**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Add collector links if none exist**. On the **Link Collectors** page, add the required **Collector** and **Collector tags**. 
- Navigate to **Preview Collector(s)** section to view and verify the collector compatibility details, and then click **Next**. For more details, refer to *Step4** in [Create a new source template](#create-a-new-source-template).
```
